[Rapid7 InsightVM] Fix `token` Parameter BC Issue (#26982)
demisto/content: Packs/Rapid7_Nexpose/ReleaseNotes/1_2_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Rapid7 InsightVM

> - Fixed an issue where usage of the **token** parameter may cause a Python error ("'str' object has no attribute 'get'"), or authentication issues, after upgrading the pack from versions that are < 1.2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where usage of the **token** parameter may cause aמ error or authentication issues.
```
